My name's Laura. I've served in Bethel for eight years.
I'm from a village called Dunnington, and I have a twin sister.
I'm very shy. I mean, really.
I can't stress how shy we were.
Neither of us did speak to anyone.
My Nana was a really big spiritual influence in my life.
She got really ill. She knew she was going to die, and she said,
Taste and see that Jehovah is good. Please promise me you will try to put everything in serving Jehovah.
That affected me a lot.
I thought, this is it, this is my chance.
So I went out every Saturday from that moment on, and I got baptized as soon as I could.
I still couldn't answer at the meetings because I was too shy.
I still struggled to speak to people at the congregation.
But on the ministry, I was fine.
After pioneering five years, I got married.
We were going to try our best to do full-time ministry for the rest of our life.
I really do love Bethel.
I think there's a real link between a good ministry and happiness in Bethel.
So if you love the ministry, then Bethel is excellent place.
For the full eight years I've been in Laundry.
It's a small team. They're only 40. I got to know everyone so well.
I felt so integrated very quickly.
It helped me to feel like it was part of a family.
Knowing that every day, here in Bethel, all our time and energy goes to serving Jehovah.
It's so satisfying.
You feel happy at the end of every day, even if you're tired, mentally or physically.
You've done everything you can for Jehovah.
And you can't beat it really.